Go, go, wife
Grandpa called me last night
Ask us when the wedding will be held
If you have any questions, feel free to ask them.
We can treat him as a husband
What about the grandson?
Support your grandfather and don't take away people
I'm a model husband
I have a daughter-in-law and forget to raise my grandfather
Hmm, right.
Wait a minute.
You accompany me to discuss cooperation with an important client.
If this negotiation is successful
Our Sun's has been officially listed. Okay.
It's ok.
Representative Li
To express the sincerity of our Sun Group
We are willing to reduce profits to 30%
However, the patented technology must be shared and ordered.
Mr. Sun, please wait.
I'll take a look at the file first.
That face is so sinister
It's not a trap, is it?
Mr. Sun
I am afraid that the shareholders of the company will find it difficult to accept your request.
If there is no consensus on even this
We will never go back
OK.
I'll go back and have a good talk with the company's shareholders
What about me personally
I really want to promote this cooperation.
Please wait for my good news, Mr. Sun.
It's obvious that it's just to whet your appetite.
Sample give me this set